README.md, before:

# Decisions

- The project is built using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) which is super fast.

---

# Interested in working for Famly?

Give us a chance to see your beautiful code! 🤩

How to get started:

- Fork this repository
- Create a small application in React (or another agreed upon framework)
- Describe your design decisions and setup instructions in the README.md of the forked repository

## The assignment

You are tasked to build a simple application for a nursery to manage the attendance of children each day.

The application should be able to do 3 things:

1. List children with some form of pagination/lazy-loading/infinite-scroll
2. Checkin a child
3. Checkout a child

There are no other requirements than that—don't worry about design or anything like that.

If you have any questions feel free to reach out to ckl@famly.co (Christian) or ab@famly.co (Adam) ☺️

## API Specification

You will receive an access token in an email during the recruiment process.

### Fetch some children from

The API does not support any limit or offset, so the pagination/lazy-loading/infinite-scroll will have to be done client-side only.

```
GET https://app.famly.co/api/daycare/tablet/group
Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>,
	groupId: '86413ecf-01a1-44da-ba73-1aeda212a196',
	institutionId: 'dc4bd858-9e9c-4df7-9386-0d91e42280eb'
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl "https://app.famly.co/api/daycare/tablet/group?accessToken=<accessToken>&groupId=86413ecf-01a1-44da-ba73-1aeda212a196&institutionId=dc4bd858-9e9c-4df7-9386-0d91e42280eb"
```

### Checkin child

```
POST https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/<childId>/checkins

Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>
	pickupTime: 16:00
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl \
  -d 'accessToken=<accessToken>&pickupTime=16:00' \
  https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/fcd683d0-bc31-468c-948f-1ca70b91439d/checkins
```

### Checkout child

```
POST https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/<childId>/checkout
Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl \
  -d 'accessToken=<accessToken>' \
  https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/fcd683d0-bc31-468c-948f-1ca70b91439d/checkout
```

Commit message:

Add some basic styling and favicon

README.md, after:

# Decisions

- The project is built using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) which is super fast.
- I know it says to not worry about styling, but I added some basics uses [OpenProps](https://open-props.style/)

---

# Interested in working for Famly?

Give us a chance to see your beautiful code! 🤩

How to get started:

- Fork this repository
- Create a small application in React (or another agreed upon framework)
- Describe your design decisions and setup instructions in the README.md of the forked repository

## The assignment

You are tasked to build a simple application for a nursery to manage the attendance of children each day.

The application should be able to do 3 things:

1. List children with some form of pagination/lazy-loading/infinite-scroll
2. Checkin a child
3. Checkout a child

There are no other requirements than that—don't worry about design or anything like that.

If you have any questions feel free to reach out to ckl@famly.co (Christian) or ab@famly.co (Adam) ☺️

## API Specification

You will receive an access token in an email during the recruiment process.

### Fetch some children from

The API does not support any limit or offset, so the pagination/lazy-loading/infinite-scroll will have to be done client-side only.

```
GET https://app.famly.co/api/daycare/tablet/group
Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>,
	groupId: '86413ecf-01a1-44da-ba73-1aeda212a196',
	institutionId: 'dc4bd858-9e9c-4df7-9386-0d91e42280eb'
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl "https://app.famly.co/api/daycare/tablet/group?accessToken=<accessToken>&groupId=86413ecf-01a1-44da-ba73-1aeda212a196&institutionId=dc4bd858-9e9c-4df7-9386-0d91e42280eb"
```

### Checkin child

```
POST https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/<childId>/checkins

Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>
	pickupTime: 16:00
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl \
  -d 'accessToken=<accessToken>&pickupTime=16:00' \
  https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/fcd683d0-bc31-468c-948f-1ca70b91439d/checkins
```

### Checkout child

```
POST https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/<childId>/checkout
Arguments: {
	accessToken: <accessToken>
}
```

Example in cURL:

```bash
curl \
  -d 'accessToken=<accessToken>' \
  https://app.famly.co/api/v2/children/fcd683d0-bc31-468c-948f-1ca70b91439d/checkout
```
